Module-6 : Build a beautiful portfolio website 

	6.1. Module Introduction, Project Overview And Git Setup
		
		here we learn about the how figma work. how to import figma files in the figma website . again we learn about the GitHub repository and how 		to gain connection with the GitHub and there using command and also how to clone a repository . 

	6.2. Set Google Fonts And Set Navbar And Primary Color

		here we learn about the font selection . how we can use our font . from where we can get our font . it is better to get font from the google 		font . there is a many option to get font from the google font . but usually we will use the embedded code or we can use the imported code 		for the css file . again we learn about the span tag . how to use that tags . another thing is how to  write code through the visual code 		editor.

	6.3. Navbar alinment and use of flex

		here we learn about the nav bar . and we style the nav bar . first of all we have done some of the styling in the whole page . we have done 		another important thing in the css era is Flex . we have seen that we use so much of flex property . so in this module we learn about the 		style of a nav with flex.

	6.4. Banner Content And Portfolio Image Using Flex

		here we learn about the css commenting . and how to use the background image . what if image repeated . in that case we can use the 			background repeat no repeat . again we can use background size for containing the background size . again we learn about how we can set 2 		backggournd image together in a single background image property and how can we fixed there size and side . 

	6.5. Use Flexbox For About Info And main style

		Here we learn about the emmets . and also how to manage the margins and other thing to design a things .

	6.6. Technical Skills, Flex Gap And How To Apply Flex

		Here we learn about how we can design a about us section with simple way . here we learn about the box shadow. x,y,blur and spread with 		color . color section should have alpha section to use the blur cause .

	6.7. Resume Section Education And Experience Area

		Here we learn about the resume part of the Portfolio

	6.8. Style Footer contact form and style attribute

		here we learn about the footer section .

	6.9. Deploy to github page

		here we learn about the deployment of a project from GitHub . so from the repository go to settings and then pages and then select main then 		save after sometime it will give you a link . that is the link of your deployed page .

	6.10. Add icons using Font Awesome

		hre we learn about the awesome font . this is an wesite wehre we can find the icon . different type of icons. so we have to sign in then we 		will get a a kit script . copy that and palce it in the head section . and then copy icon and use it .